Added a consideration when taking managed backups on availability group secondary replica (#9773)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/relational-databases/backup-restore/sql-server-managed-backup-to-microsoft-azure.md

- Backups of databases in an availability group are [copy-only backups](copy-only-backups-sql-server.md).

> - Backups of databases on secondary replica's in an availabiity group need to be readable in order to stripe to multiple files. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Backups of databases on secondary replicas in an availability group must be readable in order to stripe to multiple files. 
```

Reviewer 2: already pulled into my own PR and updated :) <3
